Trivial doc updates (#7)
ni/fast: packages/utilities/fast-web-utilities/README.md

[![NI FAST Web Utilities NPM version and repo link](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@ni/fast-web-utilities.svg?label=@ni/fast-web-utilities)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@ni/fast-web-utilities)

> This package is a collection of utilities intended to be used for web projects. This `@ni/fast-web-utilities` library is a fork of [`@microsoft/fast-web-utilities`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@microsoft/fast-web-utilities).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package is a collection of utilities intended to be used for web projects. This `@ni/fast-web-utilities` library is a fork of [`@microsoft/fast-web-utilities`](https://github.com/microsoft/fast/tree/archives/fast-element-1/packages/utilities/fast-web-utilities).
```
